feat(autonat): Implement AutoNATv2 (#5526)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/autonat/CHANGELOG.md

- Due to the refactor of `Transport` it's no longer required to create a seperate transport for
AutoNAT where port reuse is disabled. This information is now passed by the behaviour.
  See [PR 4568](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/4568).
- Introduce the new AutoNATv2 protocol.
  It's split into a client and a server part, represented in their respective modules
  Features:

>     - Since the server now always dials back over a newly allocated port, this made refactor(*): Transport redesign #4568 necessary; the client can be sure of the reachability state for other peers, even if the connection to the server was made through a hole punch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The server now always dials back over a newly allocated port.
      This more accurately reflects the reachability state for other peers and avoids accidental hole punching.
```

    - The server can now test addresses different from the observed address (i.e., the connection to the server was made through a `p2p-circuit`). To mitigate against DDoS attacks, the client has to send more data to the server than the dial-back costs.

>   See [PR 5526].
> [PR 5526]: https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/5526
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See [PR 5526](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/5526).

```
